Mom, did I say something wrong again?
You can have a snack. What's the use of saying that?
Don't you know if it's true or false by doing a paternity test?
Mr. Zhang, what you said makes sense
class
Why don't we do another paternity test?
Let's see who gave birth to my blood
By the way, who is your biological father?
This
3 What do you think?
I heard you were never married.
Not this time.
Maybe I'll have an extra daughter
Hahaha
rain and snow
You win this game
Since you lost
Then there must be some punishment
City Lord Liang is still here
If you are unjust
Why do so many people want to take your place?
As Luojia's grandmother
Disorderly life
Give birth to illegitimate children
It must not be suitable for Luojia service positions
Go back and get the punishment yourself
Right, Third Master?
Mom, what do they mean?
Luo Sanye is not going to Mei's biological mother-in-law
You shut up
Stop talking nonsense
Woluo
The third master had an affair with his niece-in-law
spread out
He can't keep his identity as a local seed capital
Ah, is that so?
Why is this so complicated?